README.md, before:

# Twitter Clone

## Roadmap

-   [x] add hash to passwords when creating
-   [x] add auth
-   [x] if auth, return to /home | /explore
-   [x] add regex validation to usernames / yup docs
-   [x] list tweets as last tweeted first
-   [x] add a static @ into username in login and sign up
-   [x] if name is not provided, get username in prisma schema
-   [x] refactor sign up and sign in forms
-   [x] break-word for description
-   [x] add env.example
-   [x] add modal for logout
-   [x] think about test account
-   [x] global loading
-   [x] add global loading as twitter bird with animation
-   [x] tweak useAuth, add loading state for auth loading instead of null
-   [x] optimistic update on likes
-   [x] unlike feature
-   [x] animation on click ? react spring/framer
-   [x] div onClick and cursor pointer for tweets
-   [x] useContext in useAuth?
-   [x] fix the logout sometimes not working as expected
-   [x] authorization wall for create/like/unlike
-   [x] fix middleware, make it useful
-   [x] handle tweet text html-like breaks
-   [x] emote picker in new tweet
-   [x] photo upload in new tweet
-   [x] more compact uploader for photo upload,
-   [x] supabase storage is ok to use for avatars and images? if not use aws
-   [x] clicking images should open full screen images
-   [x] avatar logic
-   [x] handle default avatar / twitter egg
-   [x] fix emoji not opening in the modal
-   [x] complete media link in profile
-   [x] follow/unfollow feature
-   [x] optimistic update on follow/unfollow
-   [x] lazy load tweets / react query implementation for lazy loading
-   [x] add is following you feature
-   [x] complete edit profile page
-   [x] cascade in postgresql / how to handle deleted tweets
-   [x] refactor uploader in new tweet to prevent unnecessary uploads to the server, only upload if user tweets
-   [x] add delete options for users tweets
-   [ ] find a better way to delete tweets other than window.location.replace()
-   [ ] authorization wall for delete/follow/unfollow/edit
-   [ ] add retweet and delete tweet logic
-   [ ] exlude password in prisma includes:{}, fix types and what includes for all api routes, chance include to select, more readable
-   [ ] single tweet page shows all replies or only first degree replies?
-   [ ] single tweet page refactor with images
-   [ ] handle errors like "user already exists"
-   [ ] profile pic, header pic change in profile
-   [ ] fix url for photos (only short url exist for now, will give error)
-   [ ] header and profile picture click fullscreen preview
-   [ ] complete profile reminder, edit page like /username/edit not modal
-   [ ] handle profile header img
-   [ ] add card when hover on tweet profile & username
-   [ ] complete profile, remove placeholders, desc images and everything
-   [ ] find throw new Errors, console.logs, message:, error:, snackbar here, alert(), confirm(),
-   [ ] think about handling related errors in the fetch folder
-   [ ] use try catch in awaits
-   [ ] global-error / error handling detailed
-   [ ] change explore to home, home only followings
-   [ ] add age, name, stuff, required in the sign up.
-   [ ] make another prisma schema for replies, it needs to not count as a regular tweet
-   [ ] message logic / socket io? feathers? how in next
-   [ ] progress bar for 280 characters
-   [ ] how to add notifications? if really complex, hang it for later
-   [ ] make profile back arrow sticky | fixed
-   [ ] add skeletons for loading such as ... Tweets, description, images
-   [ ] animations on tweets
-   [ ] tooltips for likes/retweets and so on
-   [ ] change localhost to env or however next handles this
-   [ ] make it responsive
-   [ ] disable prefetch if causes slow pathing?
-   [ ] add dark mode
-   [ ] if auth, show random non-followed 3 people with avatars and has more than 1 followers for user to follow in right side
-   [ ] add a bar under the avatar if the tweet replies > 0
-   [ ] add twitter blue tick
-   [ ] search mechanism, only for users / users and tweets would be better
-   [ ] if possible and not too complex, add hashtags, @usernames and have a clickable link
-   [ ] block/unblock feature (optional, maybe in roadmap?)
-   [ ] add hidden/locked profile, deal with temp keyword in search
-   [ ] handle speed, somehow it feels slow, maybe it is different in production but nevertheless
-   [ ] handle users trying to message themselves
-   [ ] add a most basic chatbot to show off messaging feature / chatbase.co
-   [ ] organize overall code/folders
-   [ ] use "use client" if possible
-   [ ] admin privilages
-   [ ] material ui custom colors
-   [ ] delete all users and tweets before deploying, make it more presentable and maybe use faker.js
-   [ ] add report tweet feature, make the response automated somehow?
-   [ ] handle mui components' css better, using sx:{} while making it responsive
-   [ ] add snackbar for some feedback, copy from twitter
-   [ ] maybe tweets should be a markdown-like files for links/other stuff?
-   [ ] is it ok to use useQuery with same keys multiple times in different components? if not refactor to make less api calls
-   [ ] useDeferredValue for search if react query has not have it
-   [ ] lazy in react, hover for profiles with suspense
-   [ ] make all fn arrow
-   [ ] change all request to nextRequest
-   [ ] auto follow 1 profile after user creates,
-   [ ] create changelog md
-   [ ] find out how to infinite load for every page / extract usememo to the different component? because can't conditionaly render

Commit message:

handle not found errors better, update packages

README.md, after:

# Twitter Clone

## Roadmap

-   [x] add hash to passwords when creating
-   [x] add auth
-   [x] if auth, return to /home | /explore
-   [x] add regex validation to usernames / yup docs
-   [x] list tweets as last tweeted first
-   [x] add a static @ into username in login and sign up
-   [x] if name is not provided, get username in prisma schema
-   [x] refactor sign up and sign in forms
-   [x] break-word for description
-   [x] add env.example
-   [x] add modal for logout
-   [x] think about test account
-   [x] global loading
-   [x] add global loading as twitter bird with animation
-   [x] tweak useAuth, add loading state for auth loading instead of null
-   [x] optimistic update on likes
-   [x] unlike feature
-   [x] animation on click ? react spring/framer
-   [x] div onClick and cursor pointer for tweets
-   [x] useContext in useAuth?
-   [x] fix the logout sometimes not working as expected
-   [x] authorization wall for create/like/unlike
-   [x] fix middleware, make it useful
-   [x] handle tweet text html-like breaks
-   [x] emote picker in new tweet
-   [x] photo upload in new tweet
-   [x] more compact uploader for photo upload,
-   [x] supabase storage is ok to use for avatars and images? if not use aws
-   [x] clicking images should open full screen images
-   [x] avatar logic
-   [x] handle default avatar / twitter egg
-   [x] fix emoji not opening in the modal
-   [x] complete media link in profile
-   [x] follow/unfollow feature
-   [x] optimistic update on follow/unfollow
-   [x] lazy load tweets / react query implementation for lazy loading
-   [x] add is following you feature
-   [x] complete edit profile page
-   [x] cascade in postgresql / how to handle deleted tweets
-   [x] refactor uploader in new tweet to prevent unnecessary uploads to the server, only upload if user tweets
-   [x] add delete options for users tweets
-   [x] handle tweet not found error
-   [x] handle user not found error
-   [x] authorization wall for delete/follow/unfollow/edit
-   [ ] find a better way to delete tweets other than window.location.replace()
-   [ ] add retweet feature
-   [ ] add reply feature
-   [ ] exlude password in prisma includes:{}, fix types and what includes for all api routes, chance include to select, more readable
-   [ ] single tweet page shows all replies or only first degree replies?
-   [ ] single tweet page refactor with images
-   [ ] handle errors like "user already exists"
-   [ ] profile pic, header pic change in profile
-   [ ] fix url for photos (only short url exist for now, will give error)
-   [ ] header and profile picture click fullscreen preview
-   [ ] complete profile reminder, edit page like /username/edit not modal
-   [ ] handle profile header img
-   [ ] add card when hover on tweet profile & username
-   [ ] complete profile, remove placeholders, desc images and everything
-   [ ] find throw new Errors, console.logs, message:, error:, snackbar here, alert(), confirm(),
-   [ ] think about handling related errors in the fetch folder
-   [ ] use try catch in awaits
-   [ ] handle home/edit explore/edit and this kind of paths, redirect if requested. or catch all method
-   [ ] global-error / error handling detailed
-   [ ] change explore to home, home only followings
-   [ ] add age, name, stuff, required in the sign up.
-   [ ] make another prisma schema for replies, it needs to not count as a regular tweet
-   [ ] message logic / socket io? feathers? how in next
-   [ ] progress bar for 280 characters
-   [ ] how to add notifications? if really complex, hang it for later
-   [ ] make profile back arrow sticky | fixed
-   [ ] add skeletons for loading such as ... Tweets, description, images
-   [ ] animations on tweets
-   [ ] tooltips for likes/retweets and so on
-   [ ] change localhost to env or however next handles this
-   [ ] make it responsive
-   [ ] disable prefetch if causes slow pathing?
-   [ ] add dark mode
-   [ ] if auth, show random non-followed 3 people with avatars and has more than 1 followers for user to follow in right side
-   [ ] add a bar under the avatar if the tweet replies > 0
-   [ ] add twitter blue tick
-   [ ] search mechanism, only for users / users and tweets would be better
-   [ ] if possible and not too complex, add hashtags, @usernames and have a clickable link
-   [ ] block/unblock feature (optional, maybe in roadmap?)
-   [ ] add hidden/locked profile, deal with temp keyword in search
-   [ ] handle speed, somehow it feels slow, maybe it is different in production but nevertheless
-   [ ] handle users trying to message themselves
-   [ ] add a most basic chatbot to show off messaging feature / chatbase.co
-   [ ] organize overall code/folders
-   [ ] use "use client" if possible
-   [ ] admin privilages
-   [ ] material ui custom colors
-   [ ] delete all users and tweets before deploying, make it more presentable and maybe use faker.js
-   [ ] add report tweet feature, make the response automated somehow?
-   [ ] handle mui components' css better, using sx:{} while making it responsive
-   [ ] add snackbar for some feedback, copy from twitter
-   [ ] maybe tweets should be a markdown-like files for links/other stuff?
-   [ ] is it ok to use useQuery with same keys multiple times in different components? if not refactor to make less api calls
-   [ ] useDeferredValue for search if react query has not have it
-   [ ] lazy in react, hover for profiles with suspense
-   [ ] make all fn arrow
-   [ ] change all request to nextRequest
-   [ ] auto follow 1 profile after user creates,
-   [ ] create changelog md
-   [ ] find out how to infinite load for every page / extract usememo to the different component? because can't conditionaly render
